Configs refactor (#19)
metalbear-co/mirrord-vscode: README.md

> mirrord uses your machine's default kubeconfig for access to the Kubernetes API.

> For incoming traffic, make sure your local process is listening on the same port as the remote pod.

## Settings

mirrord allows for rich configuration of the environment it provides. The schema for is documented [here](https://mirrord.dev/docs/overview/configuration/). You can also use `toml` or `yaml` format. However, the extension supports autocomplete only for `json` files.

mirrord reads its configuration from following locations:

1. Active config can be set for the whole workspace using the `selectActiveConfig` command or the link in the dropdown menu. If active config is set, mirrord always uses it.
2. If active config is not set, mirrord searches process environment (specified in launch configuration) for `MIRRORD_CONFIG_FILE` variable. This can be an absolute path or path relative to the project root.

> 3. If no config is specified, mirrord uses a default project config. This config is located in `.mirrord` directory and its name ends with `mirrord.{json,toml,yaml,yml}`. If there is no default config, mirrord creates a minimalistic one at `.mirrord/mirrord.json` when needed. If there are many candidates for default configs, mirrord sorts them alphabetically and uses the first one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. If no config is specified, mirrord looks for a default project config file in the `.mirrord` directory with a name ending with `mirrord.{json,toml,yaml,yml}`. If there is no default config file, mirrord uses default configuration values for everything. If there are many candidates for the default config file, mirrord sorts them alphabetically and uses the first one.
```
